Minigame translations, textures (#6)
ImaterialC/PriconneRe-TL: src/BepInEx/Translation/en/Text/GuildHouse/Game Table/Kaoris Soulful Dojo.txt

足もとが光っている魔物を倒すと、フィーバーゲージが上昇します。\nゲージが最大まで溜まるとフィーバーモードが発動しますよ。\n時間の許す限り連打して、魔物たちを一網打尽にいたしましょう。=Defeating opponents that have a glow beneath will increase your Fever Gauge. When your Gauge reaches its maximum, Fever Mode will activate! Keep hitting as many of them during this time!
合計スコアに応じて、報酬を獲得することができます。\nどの難易度でトレーニングをしてもスコアは共通ですので\nご自分に合った難易度をお選びください。=You will receive rewards based on your total score.\nScore accumulates through all difficulties, so feel free to choose the one that suits you best!

---Result screen---
ハイスコア=High score
撃破数=Defeated
過去最高スコア=High Score
撃破スコア=Defeat Score
匹=X
残りライフ / ボーナス=Remaining Life / Bonus
最大コンボ / ボーナス=Max Combo/Bonus

---Earn title---
難易度EXTRAで一度に\n70000以上のスコアを獲得したため\n称号「荒波のマジムンバスター」を獲得しました。=You acquired a score of 70,000 or more at once in EXTRA diffculty!\nYou earned the title [FFBB00,CE4F00]Majimun Buster of the Wild Waves[-]!

---Win dialogues---

> まだまだ私は元気だよ～！\nマジムンでもなんでも、\nどんとこーいさー♪=I'm still full of energy! Majimun or whatever, i'll take them on anytime! ♪

Reviewer: ```suggestion
まだまだ私は元気だよ～！\nマジムンでもなんでも、\nどんとこーいさー♪=I'm still full of energy! Majimun or whatever, I'll take them on anytime! ♪
```

何匹で襲ってきたって\n私はマブイを落っことさないよ～！\nくしゅん！　あ……\n今のくしゃみで落っこちたかも～？=No matter how many of them come at me, I won't drop my Mabui! Achoo! Ah... Maybe that sneeze just made me drop it?
あれ～？　戦ってるうちに\n水着がどっか行っちゃった～？\nねぇキミ、どっかで見なかった～？\nなんで離れるさ～？=Huh? Where'd my swimsuit go while I was fighting? Hey, have you seen it somewhere? Did it drift away?

ひーやーさーさー♪\n戦いの後は、踊りを踊って\n気分スッキリさ～！=Hi-ya-sa-sa~♪\nDancing after battle feels sooo refreshing~!

> 私の空手は世界最強さ～！\n夏の陽射しと青い海も合わされば、\n向かうところ敵なしだよー！=My karate is the strongest in the world! Combined with the summer sun and the blue sea, noone can match me!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
私の空手は世界最強さ～！\n夏の陽射しと青い海も合わされば、\n向かうところ敵なしだよー！=My karate is the strongest in the world! Combined with the summer sun and the blue sea, no one can match me!
```
